Half an hour away from the opens at Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with David Agles.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Equities across the
region are flat. That's ahead of some
key economic data coming out of China
over the next hour. Investors are
looking to build on gains after mainland
stocks closed at their highest level
this year. We're locking looking at
longdated government bonds also in focus
here in the region with Japan's 10-year
yield climbing to the highest level
since 2008.
>> Meanwhile, traders weigh the impact of
President Trump's tariff threat against
Russia over its refusal to sign a
ceasefire deal with Ukraine.
>> And Chinese President Xi Jinping set to
meet Estra Australia's Anthony Albanzi
today as CRA seeks to walk a fine line
between Washington and Beijing.
[Music]
We start with some breaking news. We are
getting some lines here from Reuters
that is now reporting about some shifts
and changes when it comes to the central
bank there in Thailand. So the finance
minister according to Reuters will today
propose a cabinet stateowned bank head
vitai ratanicorn as the next central
bank chief. Uh that's according to their
sources there. But that appointment is
subject to cabinet as well as royal
approval. So that is the latest change
that we're seeing possibly from Thailand
here this morning Dave.
>> Yeah and let's see whether that in some
ways removes some of the uncertainty and
risk premium that's been built into that
specific market. Of course we'll look at
that in a moment. Uh but as we speak and
you know the how how quickly things can
change you know earlier on about an hour
back uh we were looking at mostly green
and as you can see right now it's mostly
the opposite. Taiwan which was a little
bit green right now in the opening
moments has now turned uh red on your
screens. Lots of event risk on the table
today. In the next hour you have data
coming out of China. Of course the US
CPI print that's going to be very key of
course on the back of flip the boards
please. expectations that at some point
and will that point me now tariffs start
to show up in inflation numbers coming
through right the read across currency
markets just keep in mind of course this
is from the cuto off today so as you can
see it's fairly inconsistent but it's
really about dollar strength compared to
this time uh yesterday uh the other
thing we're tracking as well given the
whole macro conversation is this really
bad moment government bonds are in if
you look at the last what six or seven
days call it the week and a half uh
we're looking at There were six days for
government bonds going back about two
months or so. Front and center is a
Japanese yield which at one point in the
last hour was actually above the 159
handle which as things stand still
effectively is the highest level on
Japanese yields here going back to 2008.
Gold silver's coming up. Silver was a
big talking point overnight almost at a
14-year high has stabilized since that
point. And Brent crude as you can see
declines right now. Goldman out with a
uh re new forecast on Brent second half
2025 up by about five bucks to that
level you see bottom of your screens.
And speaking of coming off highs right
now, Bitcoin which was closing in I
think on 125 yesterday is now below that
120,000 handle as we go into the session
today. Ivon,
>> yeah, Bitcoin is kind of going doing its
own thing really against all this
headline risk it seems. We'll talk about
crypto week in the US coming up as well.
Well, in terms of your agenda here today
and what to watch out of greater China,
it's earnings, earnings, earnings. We
we'll break down kind of what we have
seen so far. Uh when it comes to, you
know, every sector you can think about
really when it from property from
airlines, the like here. Of course, that
data down coming through at the top of
the hour. June home prices come first
and foremost here. As we we'll talk
about bit later that credit data came
out yesterday already with a bit of a
preview what maybe what's to come.
Albanese in Beijing. Of course, we'll
talk about that trip and really that
fine line he has to tread between, you
know, choosing sides or at least
avoiding to choose sides between the US
and China. There's a press briefing from
John Lee here in Hong Kong and Hibbore
as well. We've been talking about Hibore
now hitting a twomonth high. So,
watching the property space here this
morning, too, Dave.
>> Yeah, we're back above 1% on that one
specific level there. Uh, we talked
about earnings, right? So, Ivonne just
mentioned we are get we're starting to
get a flurry of big names coming out
with guidance for the first half. And of
course, these, keep in mind, are uh are
typically a a a a range of uh guidance
coming through. Just a snapshot really
of the big names that have come out with
guidance as of right after the close
yesterday. So, we'll talk about Vanc in
a moment and to the point Ivon was
making too. Property prices will come
out as well today. So, lots more to
discuss and of course market reaction to
many of these which have come through
over the last let's call it 12 hours or
so.
>> Yep. Our top story here this morning
still is what we're expected here in
just about less than an hour's time.
China's data dump. Now the economy
probably expanded just above the
government's fullear growth target in
the second quarter and that is easing
pressure on Beijing to roll out
additional stimulus in the near term.
Let's get to our chief nor correspondent
Stephen Angel there with the latest and
what to expect here today.
>> Yeah, the numbers are a little bit all
over the place as far as the estimates.
Uh so the consensus estimates for GDP
growth, retail sales, industrial
production, fixed asset, urban
investment are all below the previous uh
quarter in the first quarter. Uh but
again, Bloomberg economics is a little
bit more bullish. Uh they see the
numbers a little bit higher than the
second quarter. That illustrates the
uncertainty uh with the impact of the
trade war uh the truce and then the
unwinding of the truce and then another
truce uh and frontloading of exports. We
saw the export numbers uh and the trade
surplus rise to a record yesterday for
June. So there's a lot of competing data
here because the underlying uh weak I
don't want to call it weakness but
sluggishness in the Chinese economy is
still there. And we'll talk about what
the second half outlook uh looks like in
just a minute. But essentially uh
Bloomberg economics thinks the Chinese
economy in the second quarter gained
momentum uh from the first quarter to
5.6%. Industrial production 6.1% which
would have been an acceleration as well.
Retail sales holding steady because of
the cash for clunkers trade-in program
of appliances and other items helped
boost some consumer sentiment and
consumer spending. So retail sales at
about 6.4%. 4%. Uh stimulus also helped
with the um the overall uh outlook for
the second half as well. But again, the
questions now, does this momentum in the
Chinese economy mean less stimulus going
forward? Because there's going to be
several meetings coming up. You have the
party uh pull-up bureau meeting later
this month. We could get some sort of
policy statements there. And then there
was all kinds of rumors in the last week
about possible property support as well.
>> What does it mean for the second half?
Is that I mean is what we've seen
momentum or is that frontloading which
could be momentum but it could be
something else. Yeah, it all depends on
how the relationship goes forward with
the truce between China and the United
States where that actually leads to
tangible and real results on the
negotiation front uh and and a lasting
piece. Uh and again, I think we do have
to look at the property sector because
after some signs of positivity, we've
seen sluggishness again in sales and
activity in the property market. There
were all those rumors that I alluded to
just a few minutes ago about the Central
urban work conference possibly convening
soon. And the last time it did in 2015,
we saw Beijing launching that shanty
town renovation program that led to uh
cash handouts to households that led to
them buying apartments which led to the
property bubble that we saw unwind in
the last couple of years. But again, it
it it's potentially putting a floor on
that weakness in sentiment and in
spending in the property space. Uh state
media though has given no indication or
no clues that that actually is going to
happen. I would actually really focus in
on the pullet bureau meeting uh convened
uh you know the top 24 policy makers led
by Xiinping later this month that could
possibly give better clues as to as to
how much stimulus and how much stimulus
is needed. Uh keep in mind we had the
central bank and you're going to talk
about this in greater detail in just a
minute I believe. Uh they reiterated
that the PBOC will plan to enact a
moderately loose uh monetary policy and
keep liquidity pretty ample.
>> Yeah, Steve, thank you so much. Stephen
Angar, chief North Asia correspondent
there. In fact, as Steve was alluding to
there, we also did get the the the
credit numbers. Uh I think this is for
the month of June. Yeah, there we go.
Yeah. And almost a beat across the board
here. M2 aggregate financing. But of
course, these are year-to- date numbers
and you you sort of have to do a little
bit of work to make out that sort of
monthly uh data that
>> yeah, June is usually a good good month
for credit data. Uh you do see things
sort of expand because you know a lot of
these banks are are they need to be
lending out more to reach their quotas
and the like. But also this time around
it seems like it was due to a lot of
government bond issuance as well. So is
it a really a sign that you know animal
spirits are back? you know, broad-based
private demand, you know, maybe not so
just yet.
>> Yeah. I'm curious to see what the
actual, you know, there's a there's a
there's a measure here of mortgage and
the takeout there as far as credit goes,
right? And really on the back of this
this this property market, which was
okay actually going into the first
couple of months of this year and has
lost somewhat of momentum there. And I
think we better we get a an update on
that of course in about 21 minutes from
now with new home prices coming out. Uh
we've seen an acceleration there of the
losses or the decline in prices in the
May data. Helenchow joins us top of the
next hour to unpack all of those things
when we do get those numbers come
through.
>> Yeah. Let's get to our top one of our
another top story here this morning as
well. President Trump has threatened to
impose stiff financial penalties on
Russia if it does not end hostilities
with Ukraine. He's also promised to send
more weapons for Keev, including Patriot
air defense systems. But we're very very
unhappy with them and we're going to be
uh doing very severe tariffs if we don't
have a deal in 50 days. Uh tariffs at
about 100%. I'm disappointed in
President Putin because I thought we
would have had a deal two months ago,
but it doesn't seem to get there. So
based on that, we're going to be doing
secondary tariffs if we don't have a
deal in 50 days. It's very simple and
they'll be at 100%.
And uh that's the way it is.
Let's bring our news desk editor Jill
Dus. He's she's with us now. I I I look
back at that scene and I think back of
what happened in February when Zalinsky
sat Yeah.
>> on that very same chair
>> and what the president is saying now
seems completely different than what we
heard a few months ago.
>> Yes. Uh well, Yavon, I think that the
big thing to keep in mind here is um you
know, this may be a reflection of
Trump's frustrations with being able to
reach the ceasefire fire. I mean,
remember back when he was campaigning,
he pledged that, you know, he was going
to bring them to the table and um, you
know, reach an end to the war uh,
within, you know, the first day in
office or or some such, right? So, I
think the fact that this has dragged on
for as long as it has clearly has
irritated Trump and so now, I mean, he's
I think he's clearly just trying to put
some pressure on Putin, trying to put
the ball in Putin's court. Um, and his
inability to sort of, you know, get
Putin to agree to a ceasefire is what
ultimately leads us in this position. Um
I'm not sure how effective implying, you
know, applying secondary sanctions on
Putin is going to be for bringing him to
the table versus getting him to stop
military actions in Ukraine. Um but I do
think that that you know does indicate
that Trump at least is um you know
trying some different uh tactic here. Um
I mean his language I think is a little
bit um difficult to parse. But what we
have heard uh from Trump allies is that
effectively what he's implying is this
would be secondary sanctions on
countries um you know potentially China
uh India um that um import Russian oil.
Um so that idea of trying to um you know
create some kind of an economic blockade
on Russia uh by targeting uh you know
those that do business with Russia in
that way rather than just a straighton
you know tariff against Russia which you
know I mean when it comes to the US and
Russia I'm not really sure that has very
much uh economic impact alone. But yes
it does kind of show you that I think
you know Trump is is clearly getting
frustrated with Putin um as the
situation develops um trying new tactics
here and ultimately trying to strongarm
him. I I'll borrow your blockade concept
there because the when you talk about
let's I'll bring in the EU part of the
conversation here. They've used the
concept of prohibit, you know,
prohibitive as far as the the tariff
goes, you know, the threat from the US.
What's the latest there? And does that
mean they're about to retaliate? Yeah, I
think uh when it comes to the EU, it's
really difficult to tell because again
um it's at this point with Trump, it's
it's sometimes so difficult to tell
whether what he's applying in terms of
these tariffs is a final final answer
essentially or um if it's something that
leaves room for negotiation. So markets,
for example, have broadly and actually
many of these countries that have been
targeted with tariffs over the last uh
couple of weeks um through these letters
have broadly interpreted that to mean an
extension of what was initially an early
July deadline to August 1st. Um, now
you've got Trump kind of muddying the
picture a little bit. I think his latest
uh um uh statements was that the letters
that he's been sending out to countries
are deals. He said the deals are made.
There are no deals to make. But then in
the same breath, he's kind of saying,
"Oh, well, when it comes to Europe,
which is being threatened with a 30%
tariff, um oh, like you know, you still
want to have a deal. I still kind of
want to negotiate." So again, I think
that kind of language from Trump, um,
you know, we're it kind of feels like
he's talking out of both sides of his
mouth a little bit, wanting again to
kind of, you know, play the strong man
here. um you know drive somebody to a
deal saying this is final but at the
same time opening the door here. Um it's
again makes it very difficult to tell
what's going on with this EU situation
because yes the EU has said that
essentially if you're tariffing you know
applying 30% tariffs on all goods like
that really effectively prohibits
transit live trade. Um so we'll see if
that ultimately leads to some kind of a
deal or if Trump is going to hold firm
on this 30% idea.
>> Jill, thank you so much Jill Jesus there
our news desk editor. Coming up here on
the show, we'll be speaking with JP
Morgan Asset Management on their EM
strategy for the second half of 2025.
Jana Shen joins us right about right
after the open, of course, which comes
through in about 16 minutes from now.
We're counting down to the bells in
Shanghai, Shanzhen, and here in Hong
Kong. This is the China Show. Good
morning.
[Music]
One of the things about Australia and
China that's so important is that we
build people-to-people relations. And we
do that by the participation of
Australians here, whether it be uh here
in football, whether it be the business
relationships that we have here as well.
Uh I've brought with me a whole range of
business people from the resources
sector, the tourism sector, from the
education sector.
>> There we go. At the bond in Shanghai,
the Aussie prime minister there, of
course. And yeah, Mr. Albanesei, of
course, is set to meet Chinese President
Xi Jinping on Tuesday. And the meeting
in Beijing this time comes amid these
tariff threats and reported US demands
for commitments from Canbor as it
pertains to Taiwan. Let's bring in James
Mer, our senior reporter for the Chinese
economy and the governments and
government. Yeah, James, what is
Albanese looking for? What's what's a
win looking like for him?
I think from the Australian side
actually there is um that it was very
clear going in that they didn't have
actually a lot of like really big
requests for new policies for for for
you know for for changes from China. Um
you know obviously he came when he came
in a couple of years ago the
relationship with China was terrible and
the you know his government has done a
lot to stabilize that relationship now
there's no more tariffs that were
imposed during co all the blocks on
Australian exports have gone now and the
relationship I guess is back on an even
keel like it you know was before before
the pandemic. Um but
the Chinese side had been pretty clear
that they wanted to now take the
relationship to the next level. They
wanted to upgrade the FTA. they want to
do more cooperation and they want more
access to investing in Australia.
Whereas the Australian side, I think,
has been very much we're pretty
satisfied with how the relationship is
right now. We're back where we want to
be. We're not looking to make radical
changes or to deepen the relationship in
any substantial ways. And so the things
he's been talking about while he's been
here, increasing tourism into Australia,
you know, cooperation on green energy,
uh cooperation on decarbonizing steel,
for example, which is a huge, you know,
a huge portion of the trade between
China and Australia is basically steel
and iron or coal. Um, and these are
things, you know, these are in some
sense low hanging fruit. China exports a
lot of uh solar panels and and batteries
to Australia. Australia wants to
decarbonize its own energy supply chain.
So these are areas where you know
cooperation and and more trade is
logical but you really doing anything
substantial I think is really not on the
prime minister's agenda while he's here.
>> Yeah. And it comes across a pretty
awkward time right given the fact that
the Trump administration has in some
ways asked for Australia's stance in in
light of in the case of whether you know
one day China attacks Taiwan and really
kind of what Australia's commitments are
going to be. Uh what about when it comes
to Beijing? You know, what does CRA want
from Beijing specifically?
>> On the defense or on the security side?
Yeah, it is a very very difficult
relationship and it's getting more
difficult. You saw the Chinese the PLA
Navy uh sailed around Australia recently
and conducted LiFi drills in in the
Tasman Sea. Obviously totally legal.
It's international waters. But there was
a big outcry in Australia about that.
And the prime minister has to walk a a a
fine line between you know dismissing
those concerns but also because it is
legal at the same time you know making
sure clear to the Chinese that they
would like more warning about these
kinds of things because that is going to
continue to happen and it's and as the
PLA Navy gets bigger and bigger it's
going to be going out more and more and
going out other places. I mean, one
thing they do, I think the Australians
really do want to try and get traction
on or to get improvement on is how do
the Australian military and the Chinese
military deal with each other when they
come in contact with each other. That's
been specifically an issue in the South
China Sea where Australia has complained
that China has unsafeely intercepted
Australian planes which are doing
surveillance there. That happened also
in the East China Sea where the
Australian Navy claimed that you know
some divers were hurt by Chinese sonar.
So there is a real desire from the
Australian side to have better
relations, militarytoilitary relations,
but yeah, the security side is a real
issue and as as you know it's been
reported as you said, what happens with
the Taiwan situation for Australia, for
Japan, how do those countries act if
there is a war in the Taiwan straight
between the US is is a real question.
Obviously, no one no one is going to
give us a firm answer to that now. It's
not going to be China. It's not going to
be Australia, but everyone is thinking
about that.
James, thank you so much. James Maker
there, our senior reporter for the
Chinese economy and the government. As
James was speaking here, just to mark
the we're looking at the JGB market very
closely. So, after the 10ear yield hit
the highest in 17 years, it's now the
20-year highest since at least 1999 on
that specific level. And we're also very
close to hitting a 99 high on the
30-year yield. Stay tuned for that once
that of course comes in comes to
fruition. Yeah, it really started with a
40-year yield yesterday, really leading
the charge in this sell-off and and what
we're seeing here is, you know, there's
a bit of angst leading up to these upper
house elections in Japan and maybe
traders are removing that risk ahead of
that July 20th date. But it wasn't just
Japan, right? You saw that the tumble in
treasuries, German buns overnight as
well. So, we'll continue to track this
one here this morning. There you go. At
around 2.64% for their 20-year GGB yield
this morning. Uh, let's switch gears now
and bring it back to China. The
embattled builder China Wanka has deeply
apologized for its performance in the
first half of 2025 as losses threatened
to reach almost 1.7 billion dollars.
Let's bring in our China correspondent
Min Low on just how significant were the
scale of these losses. Mman,
>> yeah, this is their second year making
losses now at least the first half of
the year. We're looking at expectations
of between 10 to 12 billion UN. It's a
widening of the loss that they had in
the in the same period last year of
about 9.8 8 billion yen and this is
coming from a decline in the scale of
their real estate projects, settlements,
um profit margins remaining quite thin
and it really underscores how the the
real estate crisis in China has still
been dragging on after four years now
despite some of the government stimulus
right you look at the home prices home
sales both continuing to decline in June
we'll be getting the July numbers soon
um and Vanka I mean they have managed to
escape default so far after getting a
bailout in some ways from the
controlling shareholder Shenzhen Metro
is a stateowned company that uh provided
a new round of financing for the
company. The Shenzhen government also
took over the reigns of the company
earlier this year but still its
fundamentals are quite weak and right
now there has been a lot of speculation
about whether or not the government will
step in to intervene in the housing
market in a very big way that started
because of some social media posts. So
far, if you look at state media though,
there hasn't been any signals that the
government is planning to do what they
did in 2015, which was a very ambitious
plan, a Shenty Town redevelopment
program where the government built a lot
of houses, provided subsidies for
housing that really led to this housing
boom. But right now, the whole the the
circumstances are very different because
you have over supply, you have a
demographic decline. It's very unlikely
that the Chinese government will look to
recreate the sort of environment and
start to build houses again.
>> Minman, thank you so much. lower our
China correspondent there uh Vancou
slightly un unchanged largely really in
the pre-markets going into the open
today. So we're looking at, you know
what, it's quiet 3/10en of 1% to the
upside in Hen China. Similar gains when
you look at the Hen index, it's really
not a lot of big movement within the
index constituencies. A preview of the
trading day just ahead. This is the
China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Just under four minutes away from
the opening bell. Also under four
minutes until we get the latest
iteration of home price data. Uh as of
May, here's our chart. 24 straight
months. And here's what's key here. A
reaceleration to the downside here of
sort of your average uh in terms of new
home prices. So, we'll see what the
update looks like, Ivon, when we get
that at about the open today.
>> Yep. So far, the data has looked pretty
good. We take a look at credit data, the
export and imports and trade data that
we got yesterday as well. A good sort of
prelude to what we're expecting at the
top of the hour with that data dump as
well. Pre-market is looking pretty good
in Hong Kong. We're up about a third of
1% and a stronger slightly currency at
against the dollar. The open is next.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Going into the open
today, a couple of things here. We have
data coming out. property prices 30
minutes time we have the data including
the growth numbers within the markets of
course the key theme is this four
syllable world involution um a concept
that I was told that applies to that is
effectively just think of yourself doing
a set of crunches
>> and by the time you get to number 30 if
that's your maximum set
>> 28 29 you're starting to struggle
>> and you're starting to turn inward I'm
not sure if that's that that is a good
way of that's a very accurate, you know,
literal sort of way of interpreting, but
it can be applied to many sort of facets
of life we're just talking about, right?
It's like, oh, getting up in the
morning. Oh, the work.
>> Yeah, nature.
>> Except though when we start the China
show, which is the complete opposite of
nature.
>> That's where you, you know, I don't know
what's the opposite of nature. We'll
see. You wake up and you watch the show,
right? You take a look at how markets
are doing. Um, we we completely brush
off the headlines, right? And that
certainly is the key case here. I mean
the data that we got in the last few 48
hours or so have been pretty good when
it comes to China. So is this sort of
rally can it extend based on
fundamentals is certainly one key
question that we're asking and CSI 300
as we just talked about did finally
reach those 2025 highs on Monday. So we
continue on with this rally. Shanghai is
pretty much flat there. Uh but we are
watching very closely what what goes on
uh when it comes to some of these big
names like CL uh the likes of Quay not
doing a whole lot here this morning and
sort of the big big names but it's
interesting right we we had the likes of
UBS securities talking about this ah
share premium which basically we have
seen that premium shrink in the A share
market they're saying that's going to
stay near the lows that gap throughout
the second half because this whole
weaker dollar story is only just going
to enhance more liquidity in Hong Kong
and really get the southbound flow is
basically will continue and people will
continue globally to buy from Hong Kong.
So certainly that's that's sort of the
trends that we'll be watching very
closely Hong Kong is doing this year
right now. Um when it comes to earnings,
there's a lot on tap. Everything from
airlines to to you know commodities to
even uh the property sector that we're
likely to hit there. So we'll watch that
as well and if we hear any sort of
tariff impact in terms of the guidance
here as well. Hong Kong is doing this.
Can we flip the boards and see that
guys? Uh right now the pre-market was
showing pretty good, right? We're up
half of 1% and I think we got that home
price data, right? Yeah. Coming through
right now.
>> And yeah, I mean so not not a good set.
That that's that's the headline. So new
home prices for June down to by and we
need to go two decimal places here in
this specific case. Negative two
negative.27%
month. Um, if you could ask my producers
to also bring up chart 2402 when you can
please as well just to show you how that
looks. That acceleration to the
downside. New home prices down.27.
Used home prices down
61%. That's also month. That's also
faster uh than May. So we're now down 25
straight months. Charts coming up on
your screens very shortly. Um and you
can see of course right most side
towards the bottom is that bar chart
that shows you again 0 27% deeper
decline compared to what we saw back
back in May.
>> All right let's bring in Joanna Shen now
uh emap equities investment specialist
at JP Morgan Asset Management. Joanna uh
it's great to have you on the program. I
mean the the property side of things,
you know, continues to be sort of in the
doldrums in some ways, but still we're
talking about equity markets in China
that are doing quite well
>> for this year. I know you're not a
macro, you know, driven sort of uh, you
know, specialist, but I'm just wondering
how does it help in terms of stock
picking then in this sort of backdrop?
>> Yeah, I think the key thing in China
this year is definitely the technology
breakthrough with the emergence of
deepseek which hugely enhanced the
confidence in China. Um and we do see
China has a lot of user cases for AI
applications as well as um a lot of
talents in um in the AI space. So I
think that definitely rejuvenate
uh the the interest and the sentiment in
Chinese equities. But uh on the other
side, we do see some of the long-term
structural kind of overhand remains as
you've reported uh the property um
prices is still trying to find a floor.
But the green shoes here in the property
market is um we do see a better supply
demand dynamics. We see more sort of
contained like a land sales but on the
other side we do see on the demand side
government has been doing some measures
to ease uh the demand as well. So I
think it's still a case of finding the
flaw uh but with marginal improvement in
the property market but nonetheless the
valuation in China is still u not
expensive as well. Now if you look at at
the tariff side of things, China is
still quite insulated from the tariff um
sort of noises given its uh revenue base
for MS China is still largely domestic
focused. MS China's revenue is 10% to
overseas market out of which 3% to US
market. So I think all these confluence
um um together uh sort of pace the uh
picture for Chinese equity this year.
>> Yeah. And we mentioned I think to the
point Ivon was making on I think the
economy and consumption. You know a
group of names that's been really dumped
quite heavily are some of the
consumption the platform some of the
names. I'm not going to get into
specific names but I wonder if that's an
expression if that's a good expression
of you know your your views around
Chinese consumption because some of
these names do seem to be trading well
below their historical averages already
at this point.
>> Yeah, I think the story of consumption
is um of two tales. On the other side,
we see some of the new economy
consumption names is really doing well.
But on the other side, some of the
traditional consumption names because of
a policy because of the deflation
pressure still sort of under the water.
But um I think um we do see some sort of
um consumption names with moderating
competition where we are slightly
building positions in consumption. So I
think it's again down to the bottom of
stock picking. um some of the new
economy consumption names they had a
huge run but I we do think valuation
right now is a bit toppy um so we are
actually doing the opposite trying to
look some contrarian consumption names
wi with moderating competition
>> where are you seeing
>> it's more in the restaurant space
>> restaurant space oh okay that you
actually are seeing margins not being
too compressed
>> moderating moderating
>> moderating at least okay how do you view
this whole anti-involution sort of trend
>> where you know people are saying it's
quite equity positive if things are
actually executed the right way.
>> Yeah. Speaking of involution which is
the buzz word of the day. So I think
Chinese that definitely have the genes
of um involution which could date back
to the Asian um farming time or the
confusion uh sort of respect and value
for hierarchy. Um so we do if you look
at this round of the anti- evvolution
campaign compared to the 2015 and 16
time it's quite different. So back then
um the over capacity is concentrated in
the upstream S so S SOE dominated kind
of area and we do see last time the
government is quite clear given a
mandate of cutting capacity they have a
target of 10 to 15%. But this time
around because China has also progressed
evoluted um so this time the the over
capacity is in areas like EVs like solar
um it's more concentrated in the uh
private enterprises so we do think this
time the approach could be different
from last time it will be more market
oriented uh which could be emphasize
emphasis on policy guidance on
coordination of the sector association
as well as the self-discipline of the
key sector players. Um so continuous
monitoring of the effectiveness of this
campaign would be key to understand the
impact on equity market.
>> Okay, one one last question on China
before we talk about other markets. I
think Korea has also been on a quite a
rapid ascent. Chinese biotech
this year has been substantially bid. I
think it's the best performing sector.
How are you thinking about you know
opportunities still in biotech? I think
in terms of biotech again it shows China
is moving up the ladder chain in the
global kind of manufacturing kind of
space. It's not just cheap uh white
goods but also we do have some R&D
capabilities in that side. But having
said that valuations um gets a bit rich
at this stage. So we are watching and
monitoring in this space.
>> Uh I know you want to talk about Korea
which is where you actually have seen
maybe a bit more conviction right now.
Um tell us a bit more why why still stay
positive in Korea after already a pretty
tremendous run.
>> Yeah I think if you look at the Cosby
index actually finished the first half
trade with a trading um PB rate at one
times. Um so looking at the 10-year uh
historical range is still not demanding
I would say and if we look at the past
kind of performance um stats um if you
buy Korean equity at a current level
with a 12 months view the odds for the
market to go up and go down are evenly
spread and that's number one in terms of
valuation and number two if we look at
the foreign participation of the Korean
market uh right now it's around 33%
still about 7% lower than historical
peak we see in late 2019 which is around
20 39%. That's number two and number
three it's more domestic related. So we
have a very market friendly president
and we see this urgency from President
Lee uh to roll out uh some measures to
um fulfill his uh campaign kind of um uh
pledges. So one we see uh a 30 trillion
one kind of supplementary budget to
boost the domestic economy. two we do
see some appointment of um uh industry
specialist from LG from Nava to lead the
government AI related initiatives which
is a positive boost to sentiment and
number three most important is the
revision of the commercial law and
central to this is the revision of
commercial code which expand um the
board's um responsibility to enhance
shareholder value and this is one step
further than Yung's uh value up program
and another important pledge is the
cancellation of um treasury shares. So
we do not think all these measures or
initiatives will change the Korean
tables to be the worldclass corporate
citizens overnight. To us Korean
corporate governance reform it's a
journey. It's not a one-off event but we
do think it's a step in the right
direction.
>> The I'm curious now the is the play now
on Korea is that is that an index play?
If it's not an index play, are there
plays there beyond AI to your point?
>> Yeah, I guess you are going to because
the index heavy kind of memory names.
>> Yeah, I was going to mention Samsung
without saying it but I did already. You
forced me. Okay.
>> Aside from the the semi names which we
are positive because of they do have a
leading position in this ecosystem. Um
as well we do see some domestic um like
in the corporate governance side of
things. Some corporates with lazy
balance sheets more on the financial
side of things. some of the Korean
defense name looks interesting as well.
>> Okay. Uh Joanna, thank you so much.
Fantastic. We covered Yeah. your your
best performing market and of course
where the opportunities are uh in this
Chinese equity market. Joanna Shender,
uh equities investment specialist, the
JP Morgan asset. Okay. We've had a ton
of breaking news in the last 10 minutes
or so. So, we'll talk about the home
prices in a moment. Uh, while we were
talking, the 30-year yield in Japan now
just hit the highest since 19 uh 999
following the 10-year hitting a 2008
high and a was it a 20 year? I'm
confused now. It was the 20 year that
hit the highest since
>> 2000.
>> Since Yeah, since 2000 u 1999. Yeah,
there we go. So, that's one story to
track. Uh the other thing is wow, this
this Nvidia story might be okay. Might
be something that moves markets. Yeah,
this is what we're hearing from Nvidia.
Their company says they expect to
license to sell H20 GPU chips to China.
Again, why we're see showing TSMC
certainly that's the one thing that
we're watching in terms of the chip
space and maybe we'll see a reaction in
that side of things because we have seen
Nvidia, you know, they reportedly trying
to develop at least some sort of H2O AI
chip specifically for the Chinese market
that actually tries to comply with some
of these export curbs in the US. Right?
So that's what the company is trying to
do right now. And this coming in the
backdrop of Jensen Huang, the CEO,
heading to China this week.
>> Yeah. Uh that's a midweek big midweek
event. And if you recall, you know, the
what Nvidia said during its last earning
statement was they gave actually a
number of what their exposure was,
revenue exposure to China. And they did
give I think an impairment of I remember
correctly 7 billion. I'll correct myself
if I'm wrong, but in any case, of
course, we'll continue to track this
ahead of that visit. And we're now
looking at NASDAQ futures. There we go.
Speaking of market moving, we're now
well off high lows of the day. And as
you can see that vertical line towards
the right side of your screens, we're
now just down about one point. We're now
flat on NASDAQ uh 100 futures. Re lots
more coming up here on the China show.
This is one
[Music]
Right, welcome back to the breaking news
we had just now. What a difference, you
know, they say what a difference a day
can make. What a difference a headline
uh can make. Coming up on your screen
shortly, NASDAQ futures have now
reversed all the early weakness. We're
not trading about 25 points higher on
the back of this headline coming through
out of Nvidia. the company expects the
license to sell uh the GPU that they're
allowed to sell. They're previously
allowed to sell to China. They'll now be
allowed to sell it again is what the
guidance is coming through here. Um
that's ahead of course of this visit,
Chungen Huang in Beijing. And as I
speak, we're now up 45 points on NASDAQ
futures. Uh let's get a sense now of
what this means and of course the
broader conversations around uh chips
negotiations. Katherine Thorbeck joins
us right now uh to talk us through this.
Katherine, I'm sorry we had to pivot
very quickly on the topic. We'll talk
about what we were supposed to talk
about in a moment, but can I just get
you to react your initial thoughts on
this headline that just came through
here, Katherine?
>> Good morning, David. So, yes, this is
huge news and I'm obviously reacting to
it. Um it just came through. I'm
obviously reacting to it uh just in in
real time. Uh but this really if this
does happen and if Nvidia does uh is
able to sell uh its own chips uh that
comply with export controls to China and
especially the H20 which was recently
cracked down in the China market, it
really can't uh get back into this
market soon enough. And you know we know
that Chinese uh AI giants and Chinese
tech giants really still prefer Nvidia's
chips. uh they're they're so much uh
they're superior to Huawei's and despite
all the uncertainty they still much
prefer using Nvidia's chips and you know
have been stockpiling them before the
export controls have came into play and
the reason for that is they've spent
years you know building AI products on
top of Nvidia's software and so making
the switch over to Huawei's uh offerings
is is a very very difficult task and
there was some reporting last week that
Huawei was working on a redesign uh that
would make this uh switch over uh a
little bit easier but you know Nvidia if
it wants to keep its foothold in the
China market. It really can't move fast
enough. So, this is, you know, quite uh
quite stunning news to to just come in.
>> It seems like this could be good news
that he's bringing to China as well as
he embarks in the mainland and meets
with many Chinese leaders too,
Katherine.
>> That's right. So, we know uh Jensen had
this planned trip to China this week and
it seemed like he was really trying to
uh sort of maintain his company's
foothold in the China market as you know
competitors like Huawei have uh risen up
and right now we know that Huawei's
offerings there's a lot of uncertainty
about them. We know that they have
struggled to you know make it uh enough
chips and how efficient they are and I
think that if if Nvidia wants to really
keep uh its hold on the Chinese AI
ecosystem, it really can't move fast
enough.
Yeah. Now the the other side of that is,
you know, we Jensen Hang says there's no
there's no issue with them selling I'm
paraphrasing of course selling this
technology as as it pertains to national
uh security, but I think that the piece
that you're putting out there and the
thesis here, Katherine, is it's going to
take more than the words from the CEO to
convince the people that need convincing
here.
>> That's right. So Jensen Wong over the
weekend uh in an interview said that we
don't have to worry about uh what's
really Washington's greatest fear which
is that uh the Chinese China's military
could use advanced AI chips and you know
I think we should all hope uh that as
Jensen said we don't have to worry about
this you know that would be great but I
think you know if we are listening to
Jensen sort of pearls of wisdom there
was another interesting thing he said
this weekend which is that he thinks in
the long run as all these companies are
racing to implement and deploy AI models
he thinks it might not matter whether
they use American or Chinese models. And
I thought that was really interesting
because it suggests that he sees AI
eventually becoming a commodity kind of
like electricity. And it's arguably
already a commodity in the China market.
But I think that should be a big concern
for Silicon Valley at a time when
China's lowcost offerings are are
looking very alluring on the global
market.
>> Katherine, it's great to have you.
Katherine Thorbeck there, Bloomberg
opinion columnist. It's almost like we
timed it with this breaking news as well
to have you come on the show. But yes,
uh this quickly it will probably become
one of our top stories here this
morning. We'll continue to track this
one. In other corporate news as well,
Chinese airlines received three Boeing
jets on Sunday and the rare same day
handover potentially signaling easing
tensions between Beijing and Washington.
Boeing has delivered 28 aircraft to
China this year in a closely watched
gauge of US China trade ties. The 37378
Max jets were for domestic airlines
based in Shiaan, Shanghai, and Shandong.
Nick A reports that Nissan and Honda are
teaming up to develop shared vehicle
software. In a rare collaboration, the
two rivals aim to standardize the
software powering their nextg cars. It's
part of a broader push to stay
competitive as Chinese EV makers gain
ground. The move also follows the
collapse this year of their 50 billion
merger plan. We got plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. We're continuing to
track the market reaction to the
breaking news earlier on uh of Nvidia
and expecting its license to sell again
H2O chips to uh to Milan China. But
certainly when you look at the tech
space in China, the reaction there is
quite evident. and NASDAQ futures. We
talked about that earlier on. Also
reversing the weakness coming through
and we're now positive as far as that
contract is concerned. Chinese tech
stocks are jumping for joy according to
Mark Cranfield on that expected license
coming out of Nvidia.
>> Yeah, I mean if if there ever was like a
sort of risk there for for Nvidia. Every
time we had a guest on, we always talked
about China sales, right? That was still
kind of the overhang
>> uh over this company. And if that is
lifted now, does this kind of clear the
way for this whole AI sort of rally to
continue and another leg forward? Right?
Like Mark Cranfield says, you know, the
tech gauge has kind of been traveling a
bit sideways. He's talking about HStech.
This just could be the catalyst, he
says, to drive HStech to a higher
trading range. And then we also have
data to contend with the next few
minutes.
>> Yeah, that's coming out in about 8
minutes from now from now. So you have
data coming through GDP numbers 5.1% I
think is the is the median estimate
there. It's quite a you know a
substantially wide range more than usual
I think uh on GDP numbers coming through
the stats there's the monthly data dump
and of course we're coming off two
things we're coming off the the property
numbers which as expected largely
somewhat are expected to show this
deceleration in the progress made there
in fact the steepest decline in new
property prices across 70 cities this
year so far uh and of course the
question is around animal spirits and
consumption and how they're able to I
think I think the Interesting bit there.
I just thought about it now is with this
involution conversation, right? How do
you promote well how do you discourage
intense competition which intense
competition has actually supported
consumption of late I think
>> and how can you continue to rely on
exports to drive growth right when you
are dealing with these excess capacity
issues and you know we're still dealing
with terror threats around the world. uh
you know so certainly that's going to be
a key question we'll be asking the likes
of uh Helen Chow from Bank of America
joining us to break down this data as it
comes through but it's interesting we
talked to Goldman Sachs way Sean about
that she says it's a really big question
that they're getting from their own
clients about those animal spirits and
lack thereof take a listen
>> we get asked a lot how do you get the
animal spirits or or consumer sentiment
up if you look at the uh MBS consumer
confidence index it has been pretty
depressed ever since the middle of 2022
2 and despite the reopening, despite the
last September policy pivot, we haven't
seen much of improvement in that
indicator. Part of me think it's just
going to be a lagging indicator. Uh it
needs economy to stabilize, needs the
labor market to improve. It needs uh
people over time to uh sort of forget
about all these uncertainties and
difficulties and be more optimistic. So
that almost the last piece of a puzzle
uh for in place to have a stronger
confidence.
>> That was qu Sean there. We'll be
speaking with Bank of America or BFA
Global Research next as we get their
reaction to China's latest activity
data. Helen Chow joining us there as
well.
>> Yeah. Okay. Uh just before we get into
the break and ahead of the data coming
through as well, just to mention the
Hanging Index, speaking of this new
range has now broken above the high that
we hit in late June. And as things
stand, we are now trading on the hing
index at the highest level since before
since before uh April the second,
highest level now since mid-March on the
hing index. Plenty more ahead. This is
the China show
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI. Well, we're not Yeah,
there you go. The briefing is underway.
We're expected to hear this data down
any second now. But take a look at the
hang. It's doing very, very well. We're
at the highest since March of 19th. Uh,
and really it's on the back of this news
from Nvidia saying that they now or at
least have the confidence that they can
start shipping this H20 GPU chips to
China.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, that was in a blog post and now
markets are moving.
>> Yeah. And it really removes that key I
think uncertainty around you know a key
market. I think 20 25% of revenues. They
did give out of I think five and a half
billion was the impairment um from
Nvidia ahead of that. And of course not
to mention Nvidia is now a $4 trillion
company. So uh we'll see what happens
with this. It's not just a hanging
index. Hanging index and many other
things we'll we'll revisit in a moment.
In the meantime though we do have the
breaking numbers coming out now the data
dump including the monthly indicators.
I'll start things off with the GDP print
second quarter numbers 5.2%
slightly ahead of the median estimate
year-to- date GDP 5.3
seasonally adjusted Q GDP 1.1 where the
estimate was 4.9%.
Okay, so that's better than expected. Uh
what's standing out here is industrial
production. So the year-to- date numbers
6.4%. So that is also a beat. Retail
sales, that is the miss though. We're
talking about a 4.8% year-on-year
numbers here. The estimate was for a 5%
or higher print as well. Uh and fixed
asset investments, that also was a miss.
So we're talking about 2.8% for that one
as well. Property investment continues
to be in the negative territory. We're
talking about a contraction of 11% or
more. So, it's a mixed bag.
>> Safe to say, Dave.
>> Yeah, it's Yeah, the retail I mean,
you're right. I mean, it's mixed. The
retail sales number is perhaps the one
of the more important data points given
the sort of conversation around
consumption, but everything else coming
in almost above estimates and we'll get
more context coming through as well
coming through there with this briefing
that is just about to start uh in
Beijing. Dollar China on your screen
slightly off lows uh of today following
the numbers which come through and the
reason we're at those lows uh in a few
minutes or so was maybe down to the risk
uh the risk on news coming out of uh
Nvidia but yeah let's get perhaps more
context now with Helen Chowo who's with
us right now out of uh BFA global
research chief great China economist
your initial reaction to every
everything that we just mentioned
>> I would say that probably two major
takeaways the first one is that u most
of the growth growth was probably still
contributed by the external sector and
the turnaround for example in IP in June
pretty much proves that that um you know
activities in the uh manufacturing
sector were holding up okay but that was
probably largely attributed to should be
attributed to the uh external part and
that's probably related to the trade war
truths and also the front-loaded orders
potentially um because at the same time
if you look at investment and
consumption proxies they're not
necessarily doing too well So I think
the first and most important reading is
that you know growth has been holding up
but to a large extent helped by the
external demand still. So China remains
to be dependent on the external part and
the second thing is that overall
speaking growth still seems to be pretty
weak on the domestic end not only the
numbers we just received on retail
sales. Uh yes of course it's probably
affected by the uh you know ya the 618
you know shopping festival you know
being brought forward this year. is
probably brought you know also affected
by the temporary hot uh of the uh of the
the trading programs the subsidies by
local governments it went on and off for
a little while and however there is no
denial in the fact that overall demand
must have been weak underlying in the
data so that CPI inflation was barely
struggling to uh stay above zero and
that's adding to the uh the retail sales
so that as a nominal number it's now in
the four handle
What what's needed then, right? You
mentioned, you know, if subsidies in the
consumption space are going to start to
fade in the second half, what is it
needed then to boost that consumer
confidence in this economy? Again,
>> that's a billion dollar question, Iman.
>> Keep asking you every time.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, um I think that the uh policy
makers and you know, observers,
scholars, everybody is still talking
about this big time. Um but I think the
consensus is that you know it's for
Chinese consumers to feel more confident
to spend. It is not enough to just give
them some cash and say oh here's a
coupon and go out and spend this is for
every 200 yan you can deduct a 30 y or
something. So it's a big coupon that's
not enough because people may not see it
as a sustainable. I think that for uh
consumer spending to to come back more
sustainably basically we need people's
expectation on their income and future
income to come back. So that is the most
important part that is linked to
fundamentally to the labor market
outcome.
>> And what part of the economy links to
the employment situation? Now if you had
to pick the external environment if it's
domestic consumption and chicken and the
egg there what is able to boost job
prospects looking at the next let's
let's call it two years
>> well yeah this is all linked right you
know the investment uh returns have been
relatively low people are worried about
you know investing today and not
necessarily reaping you know a high
return return return in the longer term
if investors are not investing then who
is going to create the jobs so I think
that you know oftentimes uh yesterday we
were at this forum and we were having
this debate people are talking about
boosting consumption being the most
important priority for China but you
know my view is that it's even more
important to boost investment especially
to create those high-paying jobs at the
moment if it is just the exports right
the benefit you know the the areas that
benefited from the external sector
remains limited we need to see for
example high-end manufacturing and also
not Not only that but also service
sector generally doing better so that
actually they can create more highpaying
jobs.
>> There's a lot of talk about this whole
supply side reform now given just the
price competition the price wars we're
seeing in almost every sector in the
consumption space. It's very different
from what we saw back in 2014 2015 these
were more stateowned enterprises or now
we're talking things that are more in
the private sector. M
>> how do you do so this whole
anti-involution sort of effort without
killing jobs and growth?
>> That's right. um the anti-involution
fund nan right it's the the new keyword
in town everybody is talking about how
exactly can you do that at the end of
the day Ivon I think the problem of
people cutting you know their prices
trying to overcompete each other and
even private companies doing that
without any subsidies etc is a
fundamental reflection of the fact that
you demand is too weak right external
well if you look at the the ex uh the
the the production side the supply did
not grow that fast, right? So the reason
why you have such a big over supply
problem is because your demand didn't
catch up. So it went back to, you know,
whether people are confident enough to
spend and to invest. So we need to boost
the uh uh the sentiment and especially
by to to to boost the consumption to
create the uh the the highpaying jobs so
that people would be happy to spend. So
that I think is quite critical. Um and
uh hopefully in the near future we can
see some policies towards that. But at
the moment I have this feel that policy
makers probably are more or less more in
the comfort zone at the moment
especially because of the uh
deescalation in the trade war and uh
therefore in the near term we may not
necessarily be able to see any trade you
know uh any potentially interest rate
cut triple R cuts or fiscal deficit
expansion.
>> Do we do we know enough about the
anti-involution
campaign to affect your inflation
forecast?
Well, uh,
>> or does it, you know, is the best case
it engenders inflation to come through?
>> Um, I think this is a one of the most of
frequently asked questions. Oh, you
know, is China more aware of the
deflation uh pressure and therefore
doing this anti-evolution campaign etc.
So would that help? Well, from what we
learned, I think that it is more
probably sector specific and probably it
will focus more on for example, you
know, the uh solar uh sector, cement
sector uh rather than, you know, coal or
uh for example uh especially steel. Um
and therefore this is not like uh a top
down every single sector being uh
affected and going back to what we said
ultimately this is because you don't
have enough demand
>> right
>> and unless you stimulate your demand
effectively you will still have a lot of
over capacity right so the price uh the
price you know uh prices are generally
still going to remain relatively weak
unless people are expecting much better
you know uh tomorrow in terms terms of
investment returns as well their income.
Um the property side still remains the
big sort of headwind, right? We take a
look at how new home prices are dropping
faster than the previous month. We just
saw China talking about, you know, its
loss for the first half uh could reach
as high as 1.7 billion dollars and
state, you know, there's a lot of
speculation of some big housing stimulus
on its way. Is it on its way? Well, uh I
think last week people got carried away
uh and many were expecting oh a big
conference would take place and
therefore there will be a lot of pro
urbanization and uh probably this kind
of uh uh local governments borrowing to
support it and uh and therefore there is
going to be something like what happened
in 2015 basically right
>> um I remain skeptical we haven't heard
specific news that this would be the
this is the case and most importantly
let's assume assume for a second Iman
that it is the case you know let's bring
over what exactly that was said back in
2015 to today will we have the same
impact my suspicion is probably not I
very much doubt that people would still
assume the same thing would just unravel
like in the past and therefore um I
would say that what we are waiting for
is probably some strong signal in
property policies um you know in terms
of maybe relaxing the restrictions of
purchases in tier one cities and you
know maybe uh some other kind of
suggestions that more encourage people
to buy uh and hold for the long term but
I doubt that this is going to come back
to the uh um you know the uh the the the
whole 2015 2016 story.
>> Yeah. The shanty town we're not going to
get shanty town 2.0.
>> Yeah. What expectations then do you have
over this upcoming pilot bureau meeting
and you know any cyclical measures that
you expect to likely come through in the
second half?
>> Well um I would say that I probably
wouldn't be holding my breath for you
know some major delivery of basuka
packages because after all if you look
at the data today right uh 5.2% 2% is
not a bad number for the second quarter
as a whole and and also for the first
half 5.3% essentially buys them a lot of
room right for the second half you know
they don't have to grow by 4.7 4.8% 8%
in the second half they can grow even
slightly less than that to actually
reach the the range of 4.7 to 5.3. So I
think that at the moment policy makers
might feel a little bit uh more
comfortable and therefore I would expect
that for the uh um for the poly bureau
meeting most important policy event in
the near future is probably going to be
a non-event um with very limited um you
know kind of uh policy stimulus upside
being delivered there because policy
makers right now feel you know
relatively comfortable.
>> Helen, great to have you. Helen Chow
there, chief greater China economist at
BFA Global Research. Uh and of course as
we're talking about property, we
continue to see what's going on in some
of these property stocks here to listed
in Hong Kong. Continue to see a bit of a
massive drop there. But the hang is
doing quite well. This on the back of
course the big news that we got in the
last couple minutes of Nvidia expecting
that license to sell H2O AI chips to
China again. Shanghai comp is heading
the opposite direction, but HST is
loving that news here right now.
Particularly when it comes to property
stocks in China though, that index is
basically has continued to drop after
that new home price data came out.
>> Yeah, this one is really the one that's
moving against the grain. This is moving
on the property price numbers which came
through. But again, as Ivon is pointing
out, this is really one of those days
where the US side of things is really
what's leading to Chinese markets doing
what they're doing. US features coming
up on your screens on the Nvidia line
coming through ahead of Jensen Huang's
visit to Beijing. There we go. We're now
green across your screens. And the other
story we're tracking to is this backing
up of yields in Japan. And we're now
hitting some key milestones here on the
20, 30 uh and 10 year yields in Japan,
levels that we haven't seen in some
cases this millennia. Plenty more ahead.
Yes. Yes.
>> Thank you.
[Music]
Right. What a difference 30 minutes
makes here. In the case of US futures,
the Invidia story is well somewhat
putting a decent bid on the new futures
which were down and now as you can see
up just about across the board here.
We're down up now about 90 points on
NASDAQ futures uh on this headline that
we're going to get into right now. In
fact,
>> yep. Let the big news really right.
Nvidia saying in a blog post that it
plans to resume sales of its H2O H20
artificial intelligence accelerators to
China. This goes back to had received
assurances from the US government that
it would be granted the necessary
licenses. Let's bring in our chief ma
correspondent Stephen Engel on on how
big of a a news this is.
>> It's pretty big. I mean, Jensen Hong,
the CEO of Nvidia, has been lobbying
quite hard, saying that these export
controls on the chips, including the
H20, uh, is damaging America's chipmaker
competitiveness, selling into the
world's biggest semiconductor market,
that of course is China, and giving an
unfair advantage to domestic competitors
like Huawei. Uh, and of course, Jensen
Hong just had a meeting at the White
House uh, for many hours with Donald
Trump. I don't know what he was told. Uh
but we start connecting the dots here
because Jensen Hong is in Beijing uh
this week as well. He'll be meeting with
the Chinese trade negotiator Ki Fun uh
as well as the commerce minister. Uh and
so essentially this is not necessarily
from sources. This is from an Nvidia
blog post saying it plans to resume
selling the H20 AI accelerator to China
after receiving asurances from the US
government it would be granted those
licenses. Now keep in mind the H20 was
the sort of scaled down version of the
high-end uh AI accelerators that were
specifically designed for China. and
until April when those export controls
from the US government were expanded and
included the H20 that was the main
product they were selling in the
meantime as well Jensen Huang was
talking about they're building another
China specific because the H20 was
blocked in April they were building
another one based on the existing
Blackwell RTX Pro 6000 infrastructure
that was possibly going to be uh
unveiled in September. Now, I don't know
what whether that this development puts
that on ice. I don't think so. I think
they're going to continue with that as
well. But with the H20 essentially,
according to this blog post, uh being
allowed to be sold into China again is a
big development uh for Nvidia. They were
saying they were warning the export
curbs on the H20 essentially could, you
know, see uh sales in the second quarter
drop by$8 billion because of that. Uh so
that's a big revenue uh source that was
essentially cut off by uh the export
controls. I don't know what the nature
of the the the dialogue with Donald
Trump was. I don't know the nature of
the conversations he's going to have in
Beijing, but it looks like he's going to
Beijing with a pretty positive message.
>> Yeah, I guess to your to your point, it
was perhaps clear enough for them to
come out with something as clear as this
headline. And I think the temptation
now, Steve, is for me to conclude, does
this mean that semiconductor supremacy,
national security, those bigger issues
are no longer big issues and
>> or transactional
>> or transactional? And I think the it now
I'm now tempted to think this is that no
longer the case or will the US perhaps
explore other avenues.
>> Negotiations uh on the trade front are
give and take, right? So the Chinese had
long been um complaining about these
export controls and limiting even to the
H20 which is already a scaledback
version of the most prominent uh AI
accelerator. So China lobbied hard on
that and there there must have be some
reasons why the Chinese and the United
States were able to reach a second truce
in London after Geneva. Uh there must be
some give and take here. Uh now this
would imply or imply uh that he did get
the assurances from Trump that the L
export licenses will be approved because
again Hong told Nvidia customers they're
applying for those new licenses for H20
export licenses to sell to China and
expects those to be approved and
deliveries could resume soon. So it
looks as though after that meeting with
Donald Trump, the approval process, the
the tacit approval uh to Nvidia has been
given and that he Jensen Hong is able to
go to Beijing now and deliver that news.
>> Yeah, that's going to be a big story
tomorrow. Of course, that visit and of
course the market reaction Nvidia later
today. Steve, thank you so much. Stephen
Angel there, our chief North Asia
correspondent there. Really the bigger
issue that we alluded to there is, you
know, the the transactional nature of
the conversations here around
negotiations with President Trump at the
center of that. Uh and really when you
look at uh the Russia part of the
conversation here, you know, Trump has
again threatened and this was the big
one of course yesterday to impose quite
stiff financial penalties and perhaps
sanctions here on Russia if Russia does
not end hostilities with Ukraine. He's
also promised to send more weapons for
Keefe, including Patriot air defense
systems. have a listen.
>> We're very very unhappy with them and
we're going to be uh doing very severe
tariffs if we don't have a deal in 50
days. Uh tariffs at about 100%. I'm
disappointed in President Putin because
I thought we would have had a deal two
months ago, but it doesn't seem to get
there. So based on that, we're going to
be doing secondary tariffs if we don't
have a deal in 50 days. It's very simple
and they'll be at 100%.
And uh that's the way it is.
>> Okay. Bill Ferris is with us to help us
fill in the details there. Yeah. Bill,
what do we know? And 90 days, I mean, I
remember Donald Trump going into the
election said, "I could end this warrant
one day and here we are." Uh where does
this leave that part of the
conversation, Bill?
Yeah, it's a it's definitely an
interesting development in terms of
Trump's uh apparent increasing
frustration with Vladimir Putin. Uh he
talked about 100% tariffs on Russia, but
he described them as secondary tariffs,
which I think uh I think he's referring
to secondary sanctions. Uh Russia is
obviously still under heavy US sanctions
and has been since the Biden
administration. But uh secondary
sanctions would presumably hit uh some
of the few goods that Russia is allowed
to sell uh internationally and that
would be oil and the customers for those
goods would be basically India and
China. So uh he did set a 50-day
deadline which was longer than a lot of
Trump deadlines. That's quite a ways in
the future. So I think there's going to
be a lot of time for this to work out.
But I think the big picture is here uh
he hasn't gotten that uh peace deal that
end of the war that he promised. He's
been increasingly frustrated in public
with the fact that the war is continuing
and that Russia continues to hit send
some of its biggest drone barges against
Ukraine. So I think that's uh that's
really the sign of what's happening
here. He is allowing uh some weapon
sales to Ukraine to resume. So I think
um there's 50 days in which uh the the
battlefield will continue to develop.
But I do think uh the the big picture
here is that uh Trump has not gotten his
way with Russia and Ukraine and he is uh
leaning more on the Ukrainian side at
this point, but leaving continuing to
leave a little bit of a window here for
for Vladimir Putin if he wants to go
through it.
>> Yeah, it's very interesting. very
different sort of circumstances given
what we saw back in February when
Zilinsky was sitting at that very chair
where Mark Rutka was sitting and it
seemed like Trump was in some ways
blaming you know Keefe for you know the
victim here for the war instead of the
aggressor Moscow
it's such a turn of events in some ways
Bill
>> yeah it really is but uh you know the
thing that uh Donald Trump campaigned on
was really uh one of the things was this
uh the mass massive uh over hundred
billion dollar packages of support that
were going for Ukraine. A lot of his
supporters were frustrated to see the US
spending that kind of money. Uh he made
it very clear with sitting there with
the NATO secretary general that NATO
partners would be buying US weapon
systems and then transferring those to
Ukraine. So he's trying to make this uh
as something the US is not providing
military aid. It is selling weapons.
it's getting paid for those weapon
systems and uh and then NATO is
transferring those. So that's a that's a
message to his base. Uh but there's also
a very clear message here that u he
hasn't perhaps thrown in the towel on on
a peace deal with Russia, but he is he
is not not happy with the way things
have developed since he took office in
January.
Razer, our senior editor, joining us out
of Singapore and of course this against
a backdrop where we have heard from
President Trump saying he is open to
talks with the EU of course after threat
threatening some 30% levels uh when it
comes to tariffs there. All right, we'll
have plenty more to come. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Take a look at movers. The tech space
certainly is on fire today. Billy Billy
is certainly one of them. They're
getting an upgrade from HSBC. So they're
raising their target when it comes to
the monetization of its game and ad
businesses of course and also that share
repurchase plan. The stocks up some 5%.
Leaning though that's the one that's a
bit of a sore spot there after we saw
weak sales and a cautious outlook there
from the sh the sport maker there. And
top sports city opening a 30-day upside
catalyst there on the ongoing recovery
of Nike China in the second half of this
year. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are hanging to that lunch break here.
You know, the really the equity space is
not doing much. It's all really focused
on what's going on on long rates in the
JGB market here right now. We talked
about the, you know, the how we've
broken through plenty of thresholds here
when it comes to the tens, 20s, 30s and
40s uh in the JGB market and really
bring it back to like the levels that we
haven't seen since 2008 for example
here. So it really was started with the
40-year yesterday and we are continuing
on uh with this selloff here today where
you are now seeing uh now a four basis
point sort of pop there uh when it comes
to the 30-year at 3.2%. But that 10-year
yield now is at the highest we've seen
since 2008. Dave.
>> Yeah. And it's really been I think this
is really at the front and center of
what's recently been a a very painful
spot for government bonds. Uh a
Bloomberg gauge of government bonds to
you know the point we were just making
here. Right. So Europe you saw the
meltup in buns for example treasuries
included there. The worst six day spell
in about two months uh on government
bonds and it goes into maybe is this in
some ways adding back risk premium into
the market. You know, I was gonna say
yes until the Nvidia story came out and
did this to your screens, right? So,
mostly green on your screens right now.
Uh, Asia Pacific up a quarter 1% and S&P
futures which was down early on. Uh,
that contract is now slightly uh to the
upside as with most sectors in the green
today. Let's get more context on the
market action today. Joining us here on
set is Paul Dobson, our executive ed
editor for Asia Markets. So, what is
what's what's the big talking point
among your team today? Yeah. Well,
obviously we're very interested in
what's going on at on the back end of
the yield curve and with those Japanese
government bonds and and what it means
not just for the market uh in Japan, but
what it means for global markets and
what it means for the economy as well. I
think that people are starting to pay
more and more attention to the fact that
higher yields on those government bonds
is going to start to drive up borrowing
costs in the real economy, mortgage
rates and and the such like and that in
turn will start to, you know, make it
even harder for the government to sort
of uh encourage growth. if it needs to
continue to issue more bonds to
subsidize the consumers more because
it's worried about the economy and it
needs to boost growth. We get in that
kind of um you know downward spiral that
the market and the the rating companies
are all very worried about at the moment
and that's what's being expressed um in
the way that those bonds are trading at
at this time.
>> That could be a headwind for stocks. But
then I take a look at news like Nvidia
saying that they are planning to resume
their chips to China. M
>> how big of a news is that and how could
that really propel AI stocks forward
moving forward now?
>> I mean it's it's good news um sort of
top down uh it's good news for Nvidia
certainly it's probably good news for
the Chinese companies that want to buy
them. It's bad news obviously for the
competitors and producers of chips
within China who you know kind of are
competing for that same sort of space.
Um, and it will be interesting to see
whether they're allowed to continue with
it or not. Uh, given all of those
restrictions that we've seen from the
Trump administration and his efforts to
cajol more uh uh countries around the
world to to sort of uh limit the um
availability of the chips for China as
well.
>> All right, Paul. Thank you. Paul Dolphin
there, executive editor for Asian
markets there. Perfect day to have him
here to talk about all these sort of
things that are happening, right? the
meltup in yields and of course HST on
fire on that Nvidia news.
>> Yeah. So interesting. So about an hour
into the session, you know, the the big
stories we're talking about now were
certainly nowhere near in our plans
earlier on. So uh CSI 300 has done well
of late. I think you guys covered this
while I was away. U highest level so far
of the year. We're continuing to see
those gains. Uh in fact today coming up
on your screens right now is 2.3%
already on the main benchmark in
mainland China. It's taken out as you
can see the high back uh in March. Now
speaking of highs that we are looking to
take out, the hanging index which a lot
of analysts and traders have told us has
been in the range of late is now in fact
testing the upper end of the range. We
were looking for a domestic catalyst to
do this. What we got was an external
catalyst in the form of the Nvidia
headline and maybe as a proxy of this
pullback in geopolitical risk. Maybe.
Maybe. So this is a level we're tracking
very very closely. What got us to this
point though in terms of sector movers
is really healthcare right so we talk
about deepseek we talk about
>> EVs and everything else but it's really
been this biotech moment that's coalesed
to give us these gains that we've seen
so far. Yeah. And they're saying this
whole biotech space quick
>> the scale of which we've seen in terms
of AI sorry in terms of innovation
>> the pipeline
>> is certainly in a way is reminiscent of
what you're seeing with the likes of AI
deepseek or EVs and the growth of it
there
>> uh you know and it really is the main
sector that has outperformed if you look
at monthtomonth year to date it's
basically healthcare that is leading the
gains uh in this rally as well. So
returns north of 40% we're talking about
here. Let's bring in Sway. She's been
busy. Head of Asia healthcare research
at Jeffre. You just told me you went on
a threemonth tour around the world just
talking about what's going on in the
China healthcare space. What is the
overall response that you're getting?
>> So thank you Ivan. Yes, as you mentioned
I just came back from a three months
non-stop global marketing. So that is
the popularity and demand for China bout
at this time. So you see my outfit
today. I'm wearing this because today
we're going to talk about China biotech
shining on the global stage. Okay.
>> So it is very interesting that because
year today I think my investor base at
least double because aside from the
emerging market journalists nowadays all
of the global healthcare specialists
they're looking at China. So I think you
will be very surprised to see that how
many Chinese biotech talents sitting on
Wall Street who never look at China
before. Mhm.
>> Yeah.
>> So maybe it it's a good it's an
opportune time to take stock, right? So
we're about 50% into the rally this
year, more if you measure it back from
late last year. What exactly does China
where what exactly does China lead right
now as far as biotech? Where in the
world is it head and shoulders above New
Year's competition and where is it still
lacking?
>> Yes. So exactly so for this year I think
the main thing is still about the China
biotech our licensing deals. So year to
date we are talking about we see 32% of
the innovative drugs our licensing deal
was from China. So this number was only
21% in the past two years and previously
it is only singledigit percentage. So
what's drive this kind of improvement? I
think few things. So first of all from
the multinational company perspective I
think first of all they are facing this
kind of increasing drug pricing pressure
from Trump government and on the other
hand a lot of the blockbuster drug uh
patent expiry is also imminent we're
talking about like Kachuda which is the
best seller of human history the patent
will expire in 2028 okay so I think the
out licensing from China or maybe the in
licensing from China will provide a
quick fix to this multinational
because we're talking about in licensing
from China will save about 60 to 70% in
terms of cost and in the meantime it is
also 30 to 50% faster. So we're talking
about cheaper and faster.
>> Where do you see as as maybe a follow up
to David where are things they might be
still lacking? Right? We had a great big
take that talked about there's still a
bit of risk aversion in the in in terms
of innovation, right? They're still kind
of making better versions of things that
have existed and not really coming out
with novel treatments.
>> Where are we on that?
>> So I think first of all we need to send
to our government because remember back
to 2018 so during that time Chinese
government is very harsh on the generic
drug pricing. So we have a bunch of like
the so-called VBP volume bundle
procurement this kind of stuff. So that
also forced most of the farmer companies
to have a transition to more
innovativeness. So that is one and in
the meantime remember in 2018 it is
first time the Hong Kong exchange also
opened up a chapter 18A to allow the
prevenue biotech companies as long as
you can provide some innovation. You can
now come to the Hong Kong market to
list. So I think all this kind of uh
very supportive in initiatives help the
Chinese biotech companies to now uh
becoming more competitive around the
global spheres. Yeah.
>> What's the revenue outlook and
to be more specific what is the exchina
revenue outlook and do any of the
geopolitical girrations affect
>> 200% tariffs?
>> 200% tariffs.
>> Yeah. So great question. Great question.
So regarding the tariffs, so remember it
is exactly last Tuesday, Trump announced
this kind of 200 drug tariffs, right? So
first of all, I think after the US taco
trace, I'm sensing that the market is
getting less sensitive to the sino US
tension and I believe that the ultimate
goal for the Trump government to
announce this kind of drug tariffs, it
is ultimately is for manufacturing
localization, right? And I think as we
mentioned before because now farmer
companies are facing increasing pricing
pressure because this has already been
escalated to a national security level.
So that's the reason why I think US
government they have to offer some cost
flexibilities to the US farmer guys and
in the meantime we're talking about in
case of the worst case scenario while
Trump insists on this kind of
manufacturing localization then do not
forget so like USI biologics along with
lambza Fujifilm they all have the US
facilities while like Samsung biologic
they still do not have anything outside
Korea yet so I don't think um we should
be too concerned about this regarding
China and back to the economic side I
don't think US government will will have
a issue with the China biotech out
licensing why because by the partnership
nature the you the China bot will only
entitled to 10% of the US health so it
is the US farmer who are going to keep
majority of the economics so that's the
reason why I think this kind of China
bout and US farmer partnership well it's
a actually a fair and also sustainable
um your your latest report is is
shopping in this sort of biotech
supermarket.
>> What what are you shopping for? What are
some of the best buys then right now?
>> Yeah. So for me because this is more
from the product perspective but from
company perspective I would say for the
biotech space we prefer Akiso and I
believe I believe the Akiso chair lady
Michelle she was also on the bloomer
China show that uh two months earlier
and Akiso is remains the best ch Chinese
biotech companies uh year today and also
um duality is also another pick from
China bout space and in farmer we like
hansel farmer and also hay medicine and
also do not forget like the Chinese
CDMOS they are like a beneficiary as
well as a proxy to the China biotech our
licensing wave because the thing is it's
actually very natural and
straightforward for the US farmer
companies to give the order to Ushi
because their Chinese partners already
engage with them so biologics and as
well as Wooi XDC we like all of this
thing
>> and just very quickly where do you think
the rally has gotten maybe slightly too
far ahead of fundamentals
>> um debateful I would say as I mentioned
Because like with the incremental fund
flow hopefully from all of this kind of
um like spot on the China healthcare
space regarding from either the emerging
market generalist as well as the global
healthcare specialist I do think um I
think this kind of the China biotech
biotech value will be sustainable.
>> Yeah. Okay. You guys need to tell your
boss to hire more people.
>> We can send you on a threemon global
marketing tour and you know straight to
straight to the set. Fantastic. Thank
you so much.
>> Thank you, Davis. Thank you, Bang.
>> Nice to see you. Toy there, head of Asia
Healthcare Research at Jeff. They're
getting busy. Best performing group of
course within this Chinese equity market
this year. Plenty more ahead. This is
Pumba.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Chinese tech stocks are catching a
bit. You have data center stocks also
outperforming. As you can see, US
futures have now reversed early weakness
and are now also uh in the green on the
back of this blog post out of Nvidia
that it's planning to resume sale or it
expects to plan to resume sales here of
its 820 AI chips to China. Joining us
now on the phone is Gene Monster,
managing partner and co-founder at
Deepwater Asset Management. Gan I guess
well thank you so too much for joining
us fairly last minute. My first question
is do can we take this at face value? Is
this likely going to happen now again?
>> I mean it would be a I think a big shock
if it didn't happen at this point. Uh
they've they're a credible company and
so the fact that they said this I think
you can say that it's 95% chance that
it's h it's going to happen. And then it
kind of quickly begs the question what
does that mean for all the numbers here?
And I want to back up about 3 months ago
when Jensen highlighted that the lack of
the H20, those curbs had a negative
15.15%
impact on their business. And so the
most basic math here is that if you take
the curbs away, you add 15% back to the
street numbers. Uh I do want to caution
that of the 40 analysts by my account,
eight of those 40 analysts had already
expected the curves to be pulled by the
end of the current quarter. And so the
reality is, you know, what does this
kind of mean for the stock? Where do you
expect it to start to trade tomorrow? My
guess is it's probably up somewhere
between five and 7% because there's
going to be basically a 10% ad back to
those numbers. So this is a material
news. It's it's coming uh several
months, probably 6 months earlier than
what I had been expecting.
>> Jean, what does it tell you on where the
Trump administration is thinking now
about these export curbs? Right. Before
they said, look, with with even with
these, you know, AI chips to China, they
they're one to two generations old, they
can still help China to catch up in
their AI ambitions. Have they reversed
that sort of thinking now? What what's
your take?
>> Well, the truth is always several layers
below the surface. And in this case, the
truth is is orbiting somewhat around
some of these rare earth uh these famous
magnets that the US is looking for for
more military applications. It may seem
like a distant topic to Nvidia, but in
reality uh that the US is very keen on
getting these uh rare metals and China
very much wants to have access to some
of this more advanced computing. And so
my suspicion is that some of this uh you
know this kind of uh semi-trade truce.
I'm reluctant given everything that's
going on to call it that. but that we
have seen between the US and China
probably laid the groundwork a few weeks
ago that this in fact was was going to
happen with Nvidia. And so uh what does
it mean? What is the Trump
administration essentially saying is
that they have to give something to get
something. I I do want to stress is that
I've um had several conversations over
the past couple months with former US
trade officials that worked in the
original Trump administration and still
have a role in terms of advising the
Trump administration. And they've
stressed to me that there is still this
goal of the Trump administration to
bring more tech into the US and to uh
keep that tech in the US. And so I don't
think that this is o over entirely. I
think that um kind of the long term here
is still going to be a bias for the US
to want to do this and probably for the
US to find other ways to get some of
these rare metals that have been kind of
caught up in the whole Nvidia
conversation.
>> Yeah, G. That's where my mind in fact
automatically went. If they're loosening
on this front, where do we then expect
that tightening to show up? M
>> so the the tightening uh well first the
loosening of this as I mentioned
probably allows China to loosen some
things that the US won. Uh but in terms
of kind of where do things tighten up in
the near term it's not going to be
tightening up. It's probably tightening
up in the next uh two years and beyond.
And I think uh for Nvidia investors, I
mean here's the punchline is that the
street is looking for 25% growth for
calendar 26 uh before the announcement.
Um you know this tightening isn't going
to happen anytime before the end of next
year. These are very long-term trends.
So I don't think investors should be
concerned about that. That 25% growth
number probably tomorrow those those
estimates get revised to 30 to 35%
growth for next year. And so nice step
up. I do think they'll ultimately exceed
that higher number because of all the
good things that are going on with their
business.
>> What does this mean for the likes of
Huawei who were seen to be in some ways
these export curves in the US were, you
know, they were going to benefit from
this and that more companies were going
to be using their AI chips. Is this
going to stunt them a little bit in
terms of their grow growth prospects?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Undoubtedly it will. And I
think from you know the perspective this
has uh undoubtedly shaken
uh some of the China industry and so
they'll be relieved to get these H20
chips. They'll buy them in abundance for
the next year and a half but they're
going to want to find additional sources
for these chips. And so I think Huawei
is still going to have a great business
in
>> in China.
Gene, final question for you. the the
obvious name to buy clearly if that's
not even clear at this point is Nvidia.
Uh what other names do you think um get
to ride this this boat over the short
term?
>> So I think your viewers should uh take
one thing uh the most primary piece to
take away is that there's a huge amount
of demand for these chips.
the reason why China's been uh
advocating to get these H20s back or
equivalent of it just because they need
them. And I think people should take
away that that ultimately we're still
much earlier in the AI trade than what
maybe you realized a few months ago and
that will benefit
across the board on the AI
infrastructure companies. I mean it's a
list of 20 companies and so if you were
thinking we're going to somehow see a
slowing second derivative effect in the
growth of these companies uh you may
want to rethink that. And I think the
growth is going to be higher for longer.
>> Jean, it's great to have you. Thanks for
coming on the show so last minute. G
Monster Mer there, managing partner and
co-founder at Deep Water Asset
Management, joining us out of
Minneapolis here this evening. Um, we're
send you some pictures out of Beijing
here this morning. There is a press
briefing underway. Of course, after that
data dump out of China where we did see
basically a mixed bag, right? So GDP did
beat the estimate of 5.2%. These are the
year-on-year numbers as well. Retail
sales was sort of the miss. Industrial
production though did do better. They
expected 6.8% yearonear. What we're
hearing from the bureau or at least what
the the officials are saying now, Bureau
of Statistics is talking about
consumption. So they're saying uh the
consumption momentum will continue in
the second half local governments to
roll out measures to drive consumption.
We know we've been talking about these
consumption subsidies. There are some
local governments that have been in
terms of the funds running dry of late.
a lot of doubts whether they can
continue with these sort of subsidies
and coupons and the like but we are
hearing now consumption is now the
backbone of economic growth
>> but when you talk to a lot of economists
still still seems to be a very I guess
two-tier sort of consumption sector
right when you have new consumption
where people are still very much buying
the likes and wable gold
>> but traditional sort of consumption is
still a bit lukewarm
>> where you really want them to buy both
>> yeah And you know the economist that we
ask here is it's still uh there is still
no answer to that question of how do you
revive animal spirits in the market and
that might be down to the other thing
that they're just mentioning right now
is maybe once they're able to fix the
housing market
>> then other things will fall into place
and you know that's a line that we could
have said last year and a year before
that but to that very point officials
are now talking about how there is a
greater need needs greater efforts to
stabilize on that very point, the
housing market and the data does
suggest, of course, they do need to do
more along that front.
>> Yeah. So, new home prices that we just
got in about an hour and a half ago did
suggest that, you know, this we see
bigger drops than we did in previous
months as well. We're going to leave
that there. For Bloomer subscribers, you
can continue watching at Live Go. You
also find big diary entries coming up
today and later on this week, as well as
some of the events you may have missed
earlier. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. As we approach the
19-minute mark of the cash market, it's
really one pinpoint in this equity
market, which by the way is doing well.
Three and a half% to the downside on the
Bloomberg property gauge. The numbers
are self-explanatory and why we are
getting this adverse market reaction. 25
straight months of home price declines,
an acceleration of course in June
compared to May.
>> Yeah. And you contrast that to what the
tech space is doing and it's a whole
different sort of story here after we
heard from Nvidia getting that nod from
DC. It seems to resume their shipments
and sales of those H20 China chips as
well. You're seeing the big names all
rallying here today. Taiwan Semi is up
close to 1 and a.5% here as well. So
certainly it seems like the lobbying
from Jensen Huang has worked
>> as he heads to Beijing this week.
>> Yeah, that's going to be our big story.
We'll see you all to tomorrow. The
Hanging Index was at session highs.
We're near session lows. The day is
young, but we'll see you all tomorrow.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]